------
26/12/2022

At the time of completing this course, I had Python 3.10.4 already installed in the PC. However, I decided to install 3.11.1 - as it's always good to use the most updated version of this stuff. 

IMPORTANT: Make sure the latest version is the one working, as "python --version" is still retrieving the older version.

I may need to manually remove the older version from here: 
C:\Users\ACRUZADO\AppData\Local\Programs\Python 


------
8/01/2023

As a side note, and before I do anything to the PC I work with, let's prepare my old MacBook so that I can do the courses in both, the laptop (that Unit4 provided me with) and the one I own. 
Step 1 - Repository locally copied. 
Step 2 - Visual Studio Code successfully installed.
Step 3 - Downloaded Python 3.11.1
    *On Mac, I had to use "python3 --version". For some reason, it was Phython3 the one that was installed.
 

With all set, let's jump into the course...

Btw! Appartenly, I was unable to do a "git push" from Terminal. I had to do it from Visual Studio Code. I even tried using a token instead of the standalone Password...
let's try again. 
- and... it worked! Somehow, Visual Studio Code did the proper Authentication-related configuration on my behalf. Thanks Code! =)


------
9/01/2023

Back to the PC, I was still experiencing the problem with Python not showing the correct version. I tried many things and the only one that worked was deleting all of them and re-installing from scratches. 
W/ that said, let's go back to the course! ^^

btw! I noticed that, when trying to modify a file that was initially created from my MacBook, I get the following warning msg: "warning: LF will be replace by CRLF in..."
I don't know what occurs when doing the opposite thing, but this warning seems to be easily disabled by using the following command:
"git config --global core.autocrlf true" - Actually not, the warning may never go away and True was the default configuration that should remain. 
If I work using the MacBook, I may need to set it to "input" as follow:
"git config --global core.autocrlf input"